it's a good feeling when you know that
someone's there someone who protects the
house
someone who lets you know when the kids
have come home safely someone who never
forgets to turn out the lights someone
who just gives you a safe feeling the
strong smart partner is just what you
need
the j-bert 1:100 system is my partner
and it's a partner who is easy to
understand since it's intuitive for the
innovative control unit and turning off
individual areas and it starts playing
the simple traffic light system makes
your red red stands for heart and green
stands for unlocks it doesn't get any
easier our ever spontaneous I am
that's how flexible my gelatin 100 is it
can be easily extended as desired module
by module and piece by piece it can be
assembling and expanded precisely as I
want the various elements of the
reliable gelatin systems are connected
to the central controller via radio and
firing and everything together is easily
controllable using their innovative and
foolproof operating unit because it
literally grows with your needs glass
break detectors magnetic door detectors
and outside sirens with the proven jab
Letran quality and shoe perfect
protection of my home and my business
alerting a violent attempted break-in
quickly motion detectors allow for
complete coverage in doors and the
camera integrated in the wireless motion
sensor doesn't mrs. think this makes the
Jarett on 100 more reliable than any
witness when it comes to putting the
behind bars the image is saved
automatically or can be sent directly to
my mobile or to the security service
motion detectors are inside and outside
together with furniture security from
the perfect complete security system in
addition that gelatin 100 works
excellently was external systems for
example with a white safe fork system
which is particularly effective against
thieves if they'll till is marketer by
cell the white continents will take
flight because I beg for awakes primal
fears in every human being thing like an
impenetrable cloud of cotton it covers
everything in the room an absolutely
safe cover that no one can
when the whites a fog has fulfilled its
task it vanishes completely after 40
minutes leaving behind space 100% free
of freezes you you can fresh food
remains free of any with you
the white save fork system is like a
ghostly helper in needs the gelatin
water detector is another brilliant
helper because it noticed immediately if
there's standing water anywhere it
shouldn't be leaky pipes are clogged
drains are from the course of small and
large floats in the home the sooner now
about it
the smaller the damage remains for me a
reliable warning of fire and smoke is
especially important in such situations
my gelatin 100 together with a jabber
ton smoke and temperature detector is a
real lifesaver because my jab boots run
100 reports immediately if something is
wrong to me and to anyone else I to term
directly to my mobile so when the fire
alarm is triggered the fire department
is on the spot quickly as a police when
the burglar alarm sounds and I know when
my princess is at home or when the alarm
is too little and alarm is going off
even when I'm not at home speaking of
not in home
of course the system can be remote
controlled by
moment of the will internet if it is
connected with all the important systems
in the house I can use the user-friendly
internet remote control to check
whatever the light is on all the heat is
still running and I can switch both on
or off as desired this way I never
forget to switch off the light or the
heat you can't be everywhere at once
but the Java Tron 100 can be but only if
I want I can also determine which areas
are protected at which time and which
are unprotected so someone's always
there to watch over things this is also
true when I need to get help
with panic buttons for my children or my
parents I'm sure that someone will get
help quickly even when I'm not there and
should a power ferry occur no problem
the jab Letran 100 has its own power
supply which bridges many powerless
hours it's good to know that somebody's
watching a rose it's good to know that
somebody's always there
by jam Lutron 100 my reliable partner in
all things saintly sectio and Jabba Tron
the peace of mind was safely